New quickstart documentation (#961)
zeppelinos/zos: packages/docs/docs/docs/interacting.md

---
id: interacting
title: Interacting with your contracts
---

> This tutorial [build on the previous one](first) where we created a new ZeppelinOS project, and created (and updated!) a simple `Counter` contract in a local development network. We will now see how to interact with this contract from javascript code using [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/1.0/). We will build a small script that will increase the counter and report back the updated value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial [build on the previous one](first) where we created a new ZeppelinOS project, and created (and upgraded!) a simple `Counter` contract in a local development network. We will now see how to interact with this contract from javascript code using [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/1.0/). We will build a small script that will increase the counter and report back the updated value.
```

## Setup

We will be using [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/1.0/) to interact with the blockchain from our code, which is the same library that ZeppelinOS uses under the hood. In the `my-project` project folder we created earlier, run the following to install it:

```console
npm install web3@1.0.0-beta.37
```

> Note: We are using beta.37 version at the moment, due to incompatibility issues with later versions, but expect to see these guides updated to 1.0.0 stable soon. Also, if you run into any issues installing `web3`, make sure you are using node 10 and not 12.

Keep in mind that there are many other javascript libraries available, and you can use whichever you like the most. Once a contract is deployed, you can interact with it through any library!

## Connecting to the network

Our first step will be to open a connection to the network. We will connect to the local development network we started on the previous tutorial. 

> > Caution: By default, `ganache-cli` deletes all data when you stop it. If you stopped the ganache process from the previous tutorial, you will need to start a new one with `ganache-cli -p 9545 -d`, and run `npx zos create Counter` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Caution: By default, `ganache-cli` deletes all data when you stop it. If you stopped the ganache process from the previous tutorial, you will need to start a new one with `ganache-cli --deterministic`, and run `npx zos create Counter` again.
```
